Revised our public CesiumJS & webpack guide (#28)
CesiumGS/cesium-webpack-example: TUTORIAL.md

        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    }
};
```
In this code, `context` specifies the base path for your files. `entry` is used to specify bundles and `src/index.js` is our entry point. Webpack will output the bundel `app.js` to the folder `dist`, that webpack will create at runtime.
4. Webpack loads everything like a module. [loaders](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#loaders) are used to load CSS and other asset files. Install the [style-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/style-loader/#src/components/Sidebar/Sidebar.jsx), [css-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/css-loader/), and [url-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/url-loader/) using `npm install --save-dev style-loader css-loader url-loader`. Feel free to install any other loaders you may need in the future. Loaders can be installed at any point during this process.
5. Update `webpack.config.js` by adding two `module.rules`. The first rule should support CSS files and the second rule should support other static files. For each rule, define `test` for the types of files to load and `use` to specify the list of loaders. `webpack.config.js` should look something like

> ```

Reviewer: Not sure what the fix is but I noticed the numbering loses continuity here: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31491650/136324223-01477f6a-17dd-4a3e-81f2-8cc9f46b3ae1.png)

Author: Thanks for catching this - I just updated the Markdown file.

        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
        // Needed to compile multiline strings in Cesium
        sourcePrefix: ''
    },
    amd: {
        // Enable webpack-friendly use of require in Cesium
        toUrlUndefined: true
    },
    resolve: {
        alias: {
            // CesiumJS module name
            cesium: path.resolve(__dirname, cesiumSource)
        }
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        })
    ],
    mode: 'development',
};
```

## Manage CesiumJS static files
1. Now, we must make sure the static CesiumJS asset, widget, and web worker files are served and loaded correctly. Use `copy-webpack-plugin` to copy static files to the `dist` directory as part of the build process. To do this run the command `npm install --save-dev copy-webpack-plugin` and updated the plugins array in `webpack.config.js`. `webpack.config.js` should now look like

> ```

Reviewer: I noticed that `copy-webpack-plugin` isn't actually used until this step even though it's installed and referenced in the previous one. Could you move those lines to this step instead?

Author: Which lines should be moved?

Reviewer: In step 1 of "Install CesiumJS": 

> Install the CopyWebpackPluigin module from npm using the command `npm install copy-webpack-plugin --save-dev`

Looks like this line is just repeated in this step (where it should be) so the line in Install CesiumJS can just be removed unless I'm missing something

Author: Ahhh I see - I just removed the extra line.

# CesiumJS and Webpack

> [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) is a popular and powerful tool for bundling JavaScript modules. It allows developers to structure their code and assets in an intuitive way and to load different kinds of files as needed with simple require statements. When building, it will trace code dependencies and pack these modules into one or more bundles that are loaded by the web browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) is a popular and powerful tool for bundling JavaScript modules. It allows developers to structure their code and assets in an intuitive way and to load different kinds of files as needed with simple `require` statements. When building, it will trace code dependencies and pack these modules into one or more bundles that are loaded by the web browser.
```

In this tutorial, we will build a simple web app from the ground up using webpack, and then cover the steps to integrate the [Cesium npm module](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cesium). This is a good place to start if you’d like to use CesiumJS to develop a web application. If you’re new to Cesium and are looking to learn to build your first sample app, take a look at our [Getting Started Tutorial](https://cesium.com/learn/cesiumjs-learn/cesiumjs-quickstart/).

## Prerequisites
- A basic understanding of the command line, JavaScript, and web development.
- An IDE or code editor. Developers on the Cesium team members use Visual Studio Code, but a minimal code editor such as Sublime Text will also work.
- Node.js installed. We recommend using the latest LTS version.

## Initialize an app with npm

1. Create a new directory for your app.

> 2. Open a console window and navigate to the directory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Open a console window and navigate to the directory.
```

> 3. Run `npm init` and enter in the requested details about your application. If you are unsure about any prompts, press `Enter` to use the default value. You can modify your selections at any point in the `package.json` file that was created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run `npm init` and enter in the requested details about your application. If you are unsure about any prompts, press `Enter` to use the default value. You can modify these details at any point in the `package.json` file that `npm init` creates.
```

## Create the app code

1. Create a `src` directory for your app code. When we build the app, webpack will automatically produce distribution files in a directory named `dist`.
2. Create the files `index.html` and `index.js` in the `src` directory added in step 1.
3. Add the following code to `src/index.html`
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Hello World!</p>
  </body>
</html>
```
This will serve as a boilerplate HTML page to get us started.
4. Add the following code to `src/index.js`
```
console.log('Hello World!');
```
This will serve as our boilerplate JavaScript code.

## Install and configure webpack

> 1. Install webpack by running `npm install --save-dev webpack`. The files `package-lock.json` and `package.json` should appear in your main directory. You should also see a new folder in your main directory named `node_modules`.

Reviewer 2: Should you include a step or comment here about what to do in case these files and folders don't appear? If it's a relatively easy mistake to make, I think you should, but if it's very unlikely, then you don't need to.

2. Create the file `webpack.config.js` in your main directory. 
3. Define our webpack [configuration](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/configuration/) object by adding the following code to `webpack.config.js`
```
const path = require('path');

const webpack = require('webpack');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    }
};
```

> In this code, `context` specifies the base path for your files. `entry` is used to specify bundles and `src/index.js` is our entry point. Webpack will output the bundel `app.js` to the folder `dist`, that webpack will create at runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this code, `context` specifies the base path for your files. `entry` is used to specify bundles and `src/index.js` is our entry point. Webpack will output the bundle `app.js` to the `dist` folder, which webpack will create at runtime.
```

> 4. Webpack loads everything like a module. [loaders](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#loaders) are used to load CSS and other asset files. Install the [style-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/style-loader/#src/components/Sidebar/Sidebar.jsx), [css-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/css-loader/), and [url-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/url-loader/) using `npm install --save-dev style-loader css-loader url-loader`. Feel free to install any other loaders you may need in the future. Loaders can be installed at any point during this process.

Reviewer 2: > Webpack loads everything like a module.

This line doesn't make a ton of sense to me. Here's a suggestion for rewording based on my understanding of the webpack documentation. 

```suggestion
4. In order to load CSS and other asset files with webpack, you'll need to install some [loaders](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#loaders). Install the [style-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/style-loader/#src/components/Sidebar/Sidebar.jsx), [css-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/css-loader/), and [url-loader](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/url-loader/) using `npm install --save-dev style-loader css-loader url-loader`. Feel free to install any other loaders you may need in the future. Loaders can be installed at any point during this process.
```

> 5. Update `webpack.config.js` by adding two `module.rules`. The first rule should support CSS files and the second rule should support other static files. For each rule, define `test` for the types of files to load and `use` to specify the list of loaders. `webpack.config.js` should look something like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Update `webpack.config.js` by adding two `module.rules`. The first rule will support CSS files and the second rule will support other static files. For each rule, define `test` for the types of files to load and `use` to specify the list of loaders. Your `webpack.config.js` should resemble the following:
```

```
const path = require('path');
const webpack = require('webpack');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    }
};
```

> 6. To define `index.html` and inject our bundle into that page we will be using a webpack [plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins) called [html-webpack-plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins). Use the command `npm install --save-dev html-webpack-plugin` to install the necessary plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. To define `index.html` and inject our bundle into that page, we will be using a webpack [plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins) called [html-webpack-plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins). Use the command `npm install --save-dev html-webpack-plugin` to install this plugin.
```

> 7. Require html-webpack-plugin in `webpack.config.js` by adding it to the `plugins` section. Next, pass `src/index.html` as our `template`. Finally, specify the mode option for webpack by adding `mode: 'development'` to `webpack.config.js`.`webpack.config.js` should now look something like

Reviewer 2: The "Your"s  that I'm adding aren't really necessary, but I think they help with readability.

```suggestion
7. Require html-webpack-plugin in `webpack.config.js` by adding it to the `plugins` section. Next, pass `src/index.html` as our `template`. Finally, specify the mode option for webpack by adding `mode: 'development'` to `webpack.config.js`. Your `webpack.config.js` should now resemble the following:
```

```
const path = require('path');
const webpack = require('webpack');
const HtmlWebpackPlugin = require('html-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        })
    ],
    mode: 'development'
};
```

## Bundle the app
1. In `package.json`, define the scripts that we can call with `npm`. Add the `build` command.
```
  "scripts": {
    "build": "node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js"
  }
```

> If done correctly, `package.json` should look something like this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If done correctly, `package.json` should now resemble the code below. Note that this json file will vary based on your selections in step 3 of the **Initialize an app with npm** section.
```

```
{
  "name": "cesiumjs-webpack-tutorial",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "devDependencies": {
    "css-loader": "^6.2.0",
    "html-webpack-plugin": "^5.3.2",
    "style-loader": "^3.2.1",
    "url-loader": "^4.1.1",
    "webpack": "^5.50.0"
  }
}
```

> Please note that details of this json file will vary based on your selections in step 3 of **Initialize an app with npm**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> 2. Run the command `npm run build`. Install CLI for webpack if necessary. 

Reviewer 2: Are there any steps or commands associated with "Install CLI for webpack"?

> 3. Ensure that there are no errors and your output looks something like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Ensure that there are no errors and your output looks something like:
```

```
$ npm run build

> cesiumjs-webpack-tutorial@1.0.0 build
> node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js

asset app.js 1.22 KiB [emitted] (name: app)
asset index.html 376 bytes [emitted]
./src/index.js 28 bytes [built] [code generated]
webpack 5.50.0 compiled successfully in 86 ms
```
Please note that the `app.js` bundle and `index.html` file should be added to the `dist` folder.

## Run the development server
1. We will be using a [webpack-dev-server](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/) to serve a development build and see our application in action. Run `npm install --save-dev webpack-dev-server`.

> 2. Add a `start` script to `package.json`. This script should run the development server. Be sure to set the config file via the `--config` flag and use the `--open` flag to open the application in a a browser upon execution of the command. `package.json` should look something like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add a `start` script to `package.json`. This script will run the development server. Be sure to set the config file via the `--config` flag, and use the `--open` flag to open the application in a a browser upon execution of the command. `package.json` should look something like:
```

```
{
  "name": "cesiumjs-webpack-tutorial",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js",
    "start": "node_modules/.bin/webpack serve --config webpack.config.js --open"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "devDependencies": {
    "css-loader": "^6.2.0",
    "html-webpack-plugin": "^5.3.2",
    "style-loader": "^3.2.1",
    "url-loader": "^4.1.1",
    "webpack": "^5.50.0",
    "webpack-cli": "^4.7.2",
    "webpack-dev-server": "^3.11.2"
  }
}
```

> 3. Run `npm start` and open http://localhost:8080/ in a web browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run `npm start` and open [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) in a web browser.
```

> 4. Ensure that you see Hello World!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. You should now see the text "Hello World!" on the page.
```

![South San Francisco](./screenshots/hw.png)

## Add CesiumJS to a webpack app

> CesiumJS is a large and complex library. In additional to JavaScript modules, it also includes static assets such as CSS, image, and json files. It includes web worker files to perform intensive calculations in separate threads. Unlike traditional npm modules, CesiumJS does not define an entry point because of the diverse ways in which the library is used. We’ll need to configure some additional options to use it with webpack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CesiumJS is a large and complex library. In additional to JavaScript modules, it includes static assets such as CSS, image, and json files. It also includes web worker files to perform intensive calculations in separate threads. Unlike traditional npm modules, CesiumJS does not define an entry point because of the diverse ways in which the library is used. We’ll need to configure some additional options to use it with webpack.
```

> First, define where CesiumJS is. This tutorial uses the source code, so webpack can include individual models and trace the dependencies. Alternatively, you can use the built (minified or unminified) version of CesiumJS. However, the modules are already combined and optimized, which gives us less flexibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, define where CesiumJS is. This tutorial uses the source code, so webpack can include individual models and trace the dependencies. Alternatively, you can use the built (minified or unminified) version of CesiumJS. However, the modules are already combined and optimized in the built version, which gives us less flexibility.
```

## Install CesiumJS

> 1. Install the [Cesium](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cesium) module from npm using the command `npm install --save-dev cesium`. Install the [CopyWebpackPluigin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/copy-webpack-plugin/) module from npm using the command `npm install copy-webpack-plugin --save-dev`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install the [Cesium](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cesium) module from npm using the command `npm install --save-dev cesium`. Install the [CopyWebpackPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/copy-webpack-plugin/) module from npm using the command `npm install copy-webpack-plugin --save-dev`.
```

> 2. Update `sourcePrefix` to tell CesiumJS that the version of AMD webpack uses to evaluate `require` statements is not compliant with the standard `toUrl` function. In addition, add a `cesium` alias so we can reference it in our app code. After adding these changes, `webpack.config.js` should look like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Update `sourcePrefix` to tell CesiumJS that the version of AMD that webpack uses to evaluate `require` statements is not compliant with the standard `toUrl` function. Then, add a `cesium` alias so we can reference it in our app code. After adding these changes, `webpack.config.js` should look like:
```

const cesiumWorkers = '../Build/Cesium/Workers';
const CopywebpackPlugin = require('copy-webpack-plugin');
const path = require('path');
const webpack = require('webpack');
const HtmlWebpackPlugin = require('html-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
        // Needed to compile multiline strings in Cesium
        sourcePrefix: ''
    },
    amd: {
        // Enable webpack-friendly use of require in Cesium
        toUrlUndefined: true
    },
    resolve: {
        alias: {
            // CesiumJS module name
            cesium: path.resolve(__dirname, cesiumSource)
        }
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        })
    ],
    mode: 'development',
};
```

## Manage CesiumJS static files

> 1. Now, we must make sure the static CesiumJS asset, widget, and web worker files are served and loaded correctly. Use `copy-webpack-plugin` to copy static files to the `dist` directory as part of the build process. To do this run the command `npm install --save-dev copy-webpack-plugin` and updated the plugins array in `webpack.config.js`. `webpack.config.js` should now look like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Now, we must make sure the static CesiumJS asset, widget, and web worker files are served and loaded correctly. You will use `copy-webpack-plugin` to copy static files to the `dist` directory as part of the build process. To do this, run the command `npm install --save-dev copy-webpack-plugin` and update the plugins array in `webpack.config.js`. Your `webpack.config.js` should now look like:
```

    amd: {
        // Enable webpack-friendly use of require in Cesium
        toUrlUndefined: true
    },
    resolve: {
        alias: {
            // CesiumJS module name
            cesium: path.resolve(__dirname, cesiumSource)
        }
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        }),
        // Copy Cesium Assets, Widgets, and Workers to a static directory
        new CopywebpackPlugin({ 
            patterns: [
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, cesiumWorkers), to: 'Workers' },
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, 'Assets'), to: 'Assets' },
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, 'Widgets'), to: 'Widgets' }
            ]
        }),
        new webpack.DefinePlugin({
            // Define relative base path in cesium for loading assets
            CESIUM_BASE_URL: JSON.stringify('')
        })
    ],
    mode: 'development',
};
```

## Incorporate CesiumJS

> 1. Updated `index.js` with CesiumJS starter code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Update `index.js` with CesiumJS starter code:
```

```
import { Ion, Viewer, createWorldTerrain, createOsmBuildings, Cartesian3, Math } from "../node_modules/cesium"
import "../node_modules/cesium/Build/Cesium/Widgets/widgets.css";

// Your access token can be found at: https://cesium.com/ion/tokens.
// This is the default access token from your ion account
Ion.defaultAccessToken = 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJqdGkiOiJlYWE1OWUxNy1mMWZiLTQzYjYtYTQ0OS1kMWFjYmFkNjc5YzciLCJpZCI6NTc3MzMsImlhdCI6MTYyNzg0NTE4Mn0.XcKpgANiY19MC4bdFUXMVEBToBmqS8kuYpUlxJHYZxk';

// Initialize the Cesium Viewer in the HTML element with the `cesiumContainer` ID.
const viewer = new Viewer('cesiumContainer', {
  terrainProvider: createWorldTerrain()
});

// Add Cesium OSM Buildings, a global 3D buildings layer.
viewer.scene.primitives.add(createOsmBuildings());   

// Fly the camera to San Francisco at the given longitude, latitude, and height.
viewer.camera.flyTo({
  destination : Cartesian3.fromDegrees(-122.4175, 37.655, 400),
  orientation : {
    heading : Math.toRadians(0.0),
    pitch : Math.toRadians(-15.0),
  }
});
```
This code initializes the Cesium Viewer, adds Cesium OSM Buildings to the terrain, and moves the `Camera` to San Francisco. 

> 2. Update `index.html` with the CesiumContainer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Update `index.html` with the `CesiumContainer`.
```

```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
</head>
<body>
  <div id="cesiumContainer"></div>
</body>
</html>
```
3. Run the command `npm run build`. Ensure that the project is built correctly.

> 4. Run `npm start` and open http://localhost:8080/ in a web browser to see the CesiumJS viewer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Run `npm start` and open [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/) in a web browser to see the CesiumJS viewer.
```

![South San Francisco](./screenshots/ssf2.png)

> Copy and paste your favorite Sandcastle example. For example, [The Particle System Fireworks](https://sandcastle.cesium.com/?src=Particle%20System%20Fireworks.html) demo makes for a fun demo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Copy and paste your favorite Sandcastle example. Need inspiration? Try the [Particle System Fireworks](https://sandcastle.cesium.com/?src=Particle%20System%20Fireworks.html) demo.
```

![South San Francisco](./screenshots/fw.png)

# Advanced webpack configurations and Resources

Webpack can be leveraged in many more ways to increase performance, decrease your bundle size, and perform additional or complex build steps. Here we’ll discuss a few configuration options relevant to using the CesiumJS library.

## Enable source maps

Source maps allow webpack to trace errors back to the original content. They offer more or less detailed debugging information in exchange for compiling speed. We recommend setting `devtool` to the 'eval' option in `webpack.config.js`

` devtool: 'eval' `

Please note that source maps are not recommended for production code.

## Additional Resources

> The official cesium-webpack-example  repo contains the minimal webpack configuration, the hello world code covered in this tutorial, and instructions for optional code configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The official [cesium-webpack-example repository](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium-webpack-example) contains the minimal webpack configuration, the hello world code covered in this tutorial, and instructions for optional code configurations.
```

> For a tour of CesiumJS feature to include in your new app, see the Cesium Workshop Tutorial.

Reviewer 2: I don't think the Cesium Workshop Tutorial still exists. If you can find it, link it here, and if not, delete this line.

> Explore demos in Sandcastle and see the CesiumJS Documentation.

Reviewer 2: Feel free to change these links if there's a better page.
```suggestion
Learn CesiumJS with the [CesiumJS Documentation](https://cesium.com/learn/cesiumjs-learn/) and explore [Sandcastle](https://sandcastle.cesium.com/) demos to see CesiumJS in action.
```

Author: Will likely link to the CesiumJS tutorials - [CesiumJS tutorials](https://cesium.com/learn/cesiumjs-learn/)

> To learn more about webpack, take a look at webpack Concepts, or dive into the Documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Want to learn more about webpack? Take a look at webpack [Concepts](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/), or dive into the [webpack documentation](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/).
```

# CesiumJS and Webpack

[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) is a popular and powerful tool for bundling JavaScript modules. It allows developers to structure their code and assets in an intuitive way and to load different kinds of files as needed with simple require statements. When building, it will trace code dependencies and pack these modules into one or more bundles that are loaded by the web browser.

> 

Reviewer 3: In our website tutorials, we've built the "You'll learn how to" as a bulleted list. I would recommend that here too. The paragraph below is good, but it is good to summarize it to the user as well.

Author: I just took a look at the [Cesium for Unreal Quickstart](https://cesium.com/learn/unreal/unreal-quickstart/) tutorial for reference. I merged the first two paragraphs into one concise paragraph and added a "You'll learn how to" section :+1: 

Added a commit addressing this.

> In this tutorial, we will build a simple web app from the ground up using webpack, and then cover the steps to integrate the [Cesium npm module](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cesium). This is a good place to start if you’d like to use CesiumJS to develop a web application. If you’re new to Cesium and are looking to learn to build your first sample app, take a look at our [Getting Started Tutorial](https://cesium.com/learn/cesiumjs-learn/cesiumjs-quickstart/).

Reviewer 3: Our tutorials language always addresses the audience. For example "In this tutorial, you will build...". See our website tutorials for more.

Please take a pass through the full document for these changes.

Author: I just added a commit that addresses this feedback. I originally used "we" in various places because I wanted the tutorial reader to feel welcomed - almost as if I was working with them to get webpack running in their development environment.

> In this tutorial, we will build a simple web app from the ground up using webpack, and then cover the steps to integrate the [Cesium npm module](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cesium). This is a good place to start if you’d like to use CesiumJS to develop a web application. If you’re new to Cesium and are looking to learn to build your first sample app, take a look at our [Getting Started Tutorial](https://cesium.com/learn/cesiumjs-learn/cesiumjs-quickstart/).

Reviewer 3: `Cesium npm module` -> `Cesium NPM module`

Reviewer 3: Also please be consistent in the use of Cesium vs CesiumJS. I would recommend using CesiumJS throughout.

Reviewer 4: Per [npm's own docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-packages-and-modules) they prefer lower-case "npm pacakges".  ("Cesium npm package" would be more technically correct.)

Author: I also took some time to look over the npm documentation. I believe that @thw0rted is correct here. "Cesium npm package" is technically the right phrase to use. @shehzan10 is there other npm documentation that you can share with me that suggests otherwise? For now, I added a commit with the phrasing "Cesium npm package". I can always update this later if necessary.

Reviewer 4: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/943160/138303340-a2eaf140-263a-4df4-9cd7-903a6fe69682.png)

## Prerequisites
- A basic understanding of the command line, JavaScript, and web development.

> - An IDE or code editor. Developers on the Cesium team members use Visual Studio Code, but a minimal code editor such as Sublime Text will also work.

Reviewer 3: Structure fix needed: "Developers on the Cesium team members"

Reviewer 3: But is this line even really needed?

Author: Ultimately, it is your call on this. Other reviewers seemed fine with this line - it does not make or break the tutorial. For now, I removed the line. Please let me know if you would like me to add it back.

- Node.js installed. We recommend using the latest LTS version.

> ## Initialize an app with npm

Reviewer 3: Please use Title case for all headers as much as possible, so in this case:

> Initialize an App with NPM

Author: Just added a commit that addresses this. As noted [above](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium-webpack-example/pull/28#discussion_r733716410) npm prefers lower case letters so "Initialize an App with npm" is likely more appropriate there. However, this issue was fixed everywhere else.

1. Create a new directory for your app.
2. Open a console window and navigate to the directory.
3. Run `npm init` and enter in the requested details about your application. If you are unsure about any prompts, press `Enter` to use the default value. You can modify these details at any point in the `package.json` file that `npm init` creates.

## Create the app code

1. Create a `src` directory for your app code. When we build the app, webpack will automatically produce distribution files in a directory named `dist`.
2. Create the files `index.html` and `index.js` in the `src` directory added in step 1.
3. Add the following code to `src/index.html`

> ```

Reviewer 3: In Markdown, when adding a code block within a list, add the 4 spaces as a prefix. Makes for better formatting. Also give it a hint for content, in this case html.

Author: I am currently using a [VS Code extension](https://shd101wyy.github.io/markdown-preview-enhanced/#/) to preview my markdown files. I experimented with adding 4 spaces as a prefix before a code block within a list and did not see any changes in the compiled file. I am also not sure what you mean by "Also give it a hint for content, in this case HTML." Any further suggestions?

Reviewer 3: I'm pretty sure the VS Code extension handles it correctly, but try it in GitHub web editor + preview as well.

You can give markdown hints about syntax formatting. https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks

Author: Yes, my research suggests that the VS Code extension handles the markdown correctly. I am also testing this out on the GitHub web preview. When I preview my markdown files, the formatting looks correct to me.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39531367/138484159-dc639672-f30c-4d64-b932-56299b6fe9dc.png)

It is still unclear to me what edits you are asking me to make here. Providing some more details would be helpful.

Author: Notes from meeting:
- indent images and code blocks
- 4 spaced before each line of a code block to indent 
- add js, css, etc after first ''' in code block

Author: Just added a commit that addresses the topics outlined in our one-on-one meeting :+1:

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Hello World!</p>
  </body>
</html>
```

> This will serve as a boilerplate HTML page to get us started.

Reviewer 3: Put this before the code. Easy to miss.

Author: Done!

4. Add the following code to `src/index.js`
```
console.log('Hello World!');
```

> This will serve as our boilerplate JavaScript code.

Reviewer 3: Same as above.

Author: Done!

5. Create the file `src/css/main.css` and add the following css code
```
html, body, #cesiumContainer {	
    width: 100%;
	height: 100%;
	margin: 0;
	padding: 0;
	overflow: hidden;
}
```

## Install and configure webpack
1. Install webpack by running `npm install --save-dev webpack`. The files `package-lock.json` and `package.json` should appear in your main directory. You should also see a new folder in your main directory named `node_modules`.
2. Create the file `webpack.config.js` in your main directory. 
3. Define our webpack [configuration](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/configuration/) object by adding the following code to `webpack.config.js`
```
const path = require('path');

const webpack = require('webpack');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    }
};
```
In this code, `context` specifies the base path for your files. `entry` is used to specify bundles and `src/index.js` is our entry point. Webpack will output the bundel `app.js` to the folder `dist`, that webpack will create at runtime.

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove empty line between list. Also below.

Author: done!

7. Require html-webpack-plugin in `webpack.config.js` by adding it to the `plugins` section. Next, pass `src/index.html` as our `template`. Finally, specify the mode option for webpack by adding `mode: 'development'` to `webpack.config.js`.`webpack.config.js` should now look something like
```
const path = require('path');
const webpack = require('webpack');
const HtmlWebpackPlugin = require('html-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        })
    ],
    mode: 'development'
};
```

> ## Bundle the app

Reviewer 3: Add empty line after heading.

Author: done!

1. In `package.json`, define the scripts that we can call with `npm`. Add the `build` command.
```
  "scripts": {
    "build": "node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js"
  }
```

If done correctly, `package.json` should look something like this
```
{
  "name": "cesiumjs-webpack-tutorial",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "devDependencies": {
    "css-loader": "^6.2.0",
    "html-webpack-plugin": "^5.3.2",
    "style-loader": "^3.2.1",
    "url-loader": "^4.1.1",
    "webpack": "^5.50.0"
  }
}
```

> Please note that details of this json file will vary based on your selections in step 3 of **Initialize an app with npm**.

Reviewer 3: You can hyperlink the sections.

Author: done!

> 2. Run the command `npm run build`. Install CLI for webpack if necessary. webpack CLI can be installed using the command `npm install --save-dev webpack-cli`.

Reviewer 3: Why is `webpack` all lowercase at the beginning of the sentence?

Author: Nice catch - just added a commit that addresses this :+1:

> 3. Ensure that there are no errors and your output looks something like

Reviewer 3: `output looks something like` -> `output looks similar to`

Author: I just added a commit that addresses this. It seems like "output looks similar to" is a more professional phrase.

```
$ npm run build

> cesiumjs-webpack-tutorial@1.0.0 build
> node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js

asset app.js 1.22 KiB [emitted] (name: app)
asset index.html 376 bytes [emitted]
./src/index.js 28 bytes [built] [code generated]
webpack 5.50.0 compiled successfully in 86 ms
```

> Please note that the `app.js` bundle and `index.html` file should be added to the `dist` folder.

Reviewer 3: Should this be "Please note" or should it be "Please verify that...."

Author: Re-worded this phrase :+1:

## Run the development server
1. We will be using a [webpack-dev-server](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/) to serve a development build and see our application in action. Run `npm install --save-dev webpack-dev-server`.
2. Add a `start` script to `package.json`. This script should run the development server. Be sure to set the config file via the `--config` flag and use the `--open` flag to open the application in a a browser upon execution of the command. `package.json` should look something like
```
{
  "name": "cesiumjs-webpack-tutorial",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js",
    "start": "node_modules/.bin/webpack serve --config webpack.config.js --open"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "devDependencies": {
    "css-loader": "^6.2.0",
    "html-webpack-plugin": "^5.3.2",
    "style-loader": "^3.2.1",
    "url-loader": "^4.1.1",
    "webpack": "^5.50.0",
    "webpack-cli": "^4.7.2",
    "webpack-dev-server": "^3.11.2"
  }
}
```
3. Run `npm start` and open http://localhost:8080/ in a web browser.

> 4. Ensure that you see Hello World!

Reviewer 3: Is "Ensure" the right phrasing here?

Author: I changed "Ensure" to "Verify"

> ![South San Francisco](./screenshots/hw.png)

Reviewer 3: This file can use a better title and filename.

Author: :+1:

## Add CesiumJS to a webpack app

> CesiumJS is a large and complex library. In additional to JavaScript modules, it also includes static assets such as CSS, image, and json files. It includes web worker files to perform intensive calculations in separate threads. Unlike traditional npm modules, CesiumJS does not define an entry point because of the diverse ways in which the library is used. We’ll need to configure some additional options to use it with webpack.

Reviewer 3: > CesiumJS is a large and complex library

Not sure this should be the first line. Maybe introduce what Cesium does first, and then follow with this.

Author: I think this is a good idea! I just added a commit that addresses this. I think starting with some of our capabilities makes a lot more sense.

First, define where CesiumJS is. This tutorial uses the source code, so webpack can include individual models and trace the dependencies. Alternatively, you can use the built (minified or unminified) version of CesiumJS. However, the modules are already combined and optimized, which gives us less flexibility.

> ## Install CesiumJS

Reviewer 3: You headers need to form a tree. Right now everything is a level 2 header with `##`

Author: I currently am using level one headers for section overviews. For instance, "Cesium and Webpack" is a level one header. I am using level two headers for subsections such as "Prerequisites" I am not sure exactly what you are asking me to edit here - can you please provide some more information?

Reviewer 3: In my opinion, "Install CesiumJS" is a subheading to "Add CesiumJS to a Webpack App". SO it should be level 3.

Author: Done!

    },
    amd: {
        // Enable webpack-friendly use of require in Cesium
        toUrlUndefined: true
    },
    resolve: {
        alias: {
            cesium: path.resolve(__dirname, cesiumSource)
        },
        mainFiles: ['module', 'main', 'Cesium']
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        }),
        // Copy Cesium Assets, Widgets, and Workers to a static directory
        new CopyWebpackPlugin({ 
            patterns: [
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, cesiumWorkers), to: 'Workers' },
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, 'Assets'), to: 'Assets' },
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, 'Widgets'), to: 'Widgets' }
            ]
        }),
        new webpack.DefinePlugin({
            // Define relative base path in cesium for loading assets
            CESIUM_BASE_URL: JSON.stringify('')
        })
    ],
    mode: 'development',
};
```

> ## Incorporate CesiumJS

Reviewer 3: This is very vague

Author: I added a commit that changes this to "Incorporate CesiumJS Into Your Application"

Reviewer 3: Incorporate isn't usually used in a coding sense. Are you sure its the right term here?

Author: To be honest, "incorporate" reads fine to me in this context. However, I want to make sure that this demo is perfect for our community - is there another term that you would prefer? 

"Add CesiumJS to your Application"
"Include CesiumJS in your Application"

// Initialize the Cesium Viewer in the HTML element with the `cesiumContainer` ID.
const viewer = new Viewer('cesiumContainer', {
  terrainProvider: createWorldTerrain()
});

// Add Cesium OSM Buildings, a global 3D buildings layer.
viewer.scene.primitives.add(createOsmBuildings());   

// Fly the camera to San Francisco at the given longitude, latitude, and height.
viewer.camera.flyTo({
  destination : Cartesian3.fromDegrees(-122.4175, 37.655, 400),
  orientation : {
    heading : Math.toRadians(0.0),
    pitch : Math.toRadians(-15.0),
  }
});
```
This code initializes the Cesium Viewer, adds Cesium OSM Buildings to the terrain, and moves the `Camera` to San Francisco. 
2. Update `index.html` with the CesiumContainer
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
</head>
<body>
  <div id="cesiumContainer"></div>
</body>
</html>
```
3. Run the command `npm run build`. Ensure that the project is built correctly.
4. Run `npm start` and open http://localhost:8080/ in a web browser to see the CesiumJS viewer.

> ![South San Francisco](./screenshots/ssf2.png)

Reviewer 3: For image file names, please be more descriptive.

Author: Done :+1:

> Copy and paste your favorite Sandcastle example. For example, [The Particle System Fireworks](https://sandcastle.cesium.com/?src=Particle%20System%20Fireworks.html) demo makes for a fun demo.

Reviewer 3: Whats the reasoning behind recommending this as the starting point? I don't think "fun demo" is right.

Author: The last version of this tutorial also recommended this demo. I personally like the fireworks demo a lot. It is very simple but also very flashy. Occasionally, I use it to get new community members enthusiastic about CesiumJS. Regardless, I added a commit that tweaks the wording here.

Reviewer 3: Thats completely the reverse way. My point was that you should be suggesting a better fit sandcastle to the reader, not fixing the wording. Please pick a different sandcastle that highlights Cesium's capabilities.

Author: Is the Map Pins demo more appropriate?
https://sandcastle.cesium.com/?src=Map%20Pins.html&label=Beginner
Webpack helps users set up a robust development environment, so there aren't really any demos that are more or less relevant to this tutorial about CesiumJS and Webpack. However, it is important to showcase Cesium's capabilities. I suspect that a demo with the label "Beginner" is likely best.

Author: Notes from meeting:
- use OSM buildings demo

Author: Just added a commit that updated the demo that we are showcasing :+1:

![South San Francisco](./screenshots/fw.png)

# Advanced webpack configurations and Resources

Webpack can be leveraged in many more ways to increase performance, decrease your bundle size, and perform additional or complex build steps. Here we’ll discuss a few configuration options relevant to using the CesiumJS library.

## Enable source maps

Source maps allow webpack to trace errors back to the original content. They offer more or less detailed debugging information in exchange for compiling speed. We recommend setting `devtool` to the 'eval' option in `webpack.config.js`

> ` devtool: 'eval' `

Reviewer 3: Either use triple tick marks for blocks, or single tick marks for inline code.

Author: Done!

5. Update `webpack.config.js` by adding two `module.rules`. The first rule should support CSS files and the second rule should support other static files. For each rule, define `test` for the types of files to load and `use` to specify the list of loaders. `webpack.config.js` should look something like
```
const path = require('path');
const webpack = require('webpack');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    }
};
```

> 6. To defined `index.html` and inject our bundle into that page we will be using a webpack [plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins) called [html-webpack-plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins). Use the command `npm install --save-dev html-webpack-plugin` to install the necessary plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To define `index.html` and inject our bundle into that page we will be using a webpack [plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins) called [html-webpack-plugin](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/#plugins). Use the command `npm install --save-dev html-webpack-plugin` to install the necessary plugin.
```

2. Add a `start` script to `package.json`. This script should run the development server. Be sure to set the config file via the `--config` flag and use the `--open` flag to open the application in a a browser upon execution of the command. `package.json` should look something like
```
{
  "name": "cesiumjs-webpack-tutorial",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "build": "node_modules/.bin/webpack --config webpack.config.js",
    "start": "node_modules/.bin/webpack serve --config webpack.config.js --open"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "devDependencies": {
    "css-loader": "^6.2.0",
    "html-webpack-plugin": "^5.3.2",
    "style-loader": "^3.2.1",
    "url-loader": "^4.1.1",
    "webpack": "^5.50.0",
    "webpack-cli": "^4.7.2",
    "webpack-dev-server": "^3.11.2"
  }
}
```
3. Tell the development server to serve files in the `dist` folder. This can be accomplished by adding the following code to `webpack.config.js`
```

> // development server options

Reviewer: Is this `devServer` object supposed to be in the next block of code? I'm not clear on where this is supposed to go.

Author: Good point. I had this same issue when I went through the tutorial the first time. To be honest, I am not sure if the order matters. Should I suggest that users put this code at the bottom of `module.exports` in `webpack.config.js`?

First, define where CesiumJS is. This tutorial uses the source code, so webpack can include individual models and trace the dependencies. Alternatively, you can use the built (minified or unminified) version of CesiumJS. However, the modules are already combined and optimized, which gives us less flexibility.

## Install CesiumJS
1. Install the [Cesium](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cesium) module from npm using the command `npm install --save-dev cesium`.
2. Update `sourcePrefix` to tell CesiumJS that the version of AMD webpack uses to evaluate `require` statements is not compliant with the standard `toUrl` function. In addition, add a `cesium` alias so we can reference it in our app code. After adding these changes, `webpack.config.js` should look like
```
// The path to the CesiumJS source code
const cesiumSource = 'node_modules/cesium/Source';
const cesiumWorkers = '../Build/Cesium/Workers';

> const CopywebpackPlugin = require('copy-webpack-plugin');

Reviewer: The `CopywebpackPlugin` isn't talked about until later in the tutorial. Also, should it be `CopyWebpackPlugin` for consistency?

Author: Good catch - just added a commit that addresses this.

Reviewer: Looks like it's still `CopywebpackPlugin` - the same capitalization is also repeated in later sections

const path = require('path');
const webpack = require('webpack');
const HtmlWebpackPlugin = require('html-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
        // Needed to compile multiline strings in Cesium
        sourcePrefix: ''
    },
    amd: {
        // Enable webpack-friendly use of require in Cesium
        toUrlUndefined: true
    },
    resolve: {
        alias: {
            // CesiumJS module name
            cesium: path.resolve(__dirname, cesiumSource)
        }
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        })
    ],
    // development server options

>     devServer: {

Reviewer: If I add the `devServer` property with the `contentBase` key, I get this error in console after running `npm start`:

```
[webpack-cli] Invalid options object. Dev Server has been initialized using an options object that does not match the API schema.
 - options has an unknown property 'contentBase'. These properties are valid:
object { allowedHosts?, bonjour?, client?, compress?, devMiddleware?, headers?, historyApiFallback?, host?, hot?, http2?, https?, ipc?, liveReload?, magicHtml?, onAfterSetupMiddleware?, onBeforeSetupMiddleware?, onListening?, open?, port?, proxy?, setupExitSignals?, static?, watchFiles?, webSocketServer? }
 ```

Author: @ebogo1 thank you for bringing this to my attention! I found various stackoverflow threads that address similar issues. 

- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62967698/if-i-set-contentbase-path-of-dev-server-webpack-doesnt-serve-updated-files

- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67926476/webpack-dev-server-config-contentbase-not-working-in-latest-version

Upon further thought, I believe that `devServer` can be omitted from `webpack.config.js`. Based on our previous code, the files should automatically be added to the `dist` folder. Can you please confirm with me that this works on your end?

Author: I revised `TUTORIAL.md` to reflect these updates.

const HtmlWebpackPlugin = require('html-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
    context: __dirname,
    entry: {
        app: './src/index.js'
    },
    output: {
        filename: 'app.js',
        path: path.resolve(__dirname, 'dist'),
        // Needed to compile multiline strings in Cesium
        sourcePrefix: ''
    },
    amd: {
        // Enable webpack-friendly use of require in Cesium
        toUrlUndefined: true
    },
    resolve: {
        alias: {
            // CesiumJS module name
            cesium: path.resolve(__dirname, cesiumSource)
        }
    },
    module: {
        rules: [{
            test: /\.css$/,
            use: [ 'style-loader', 'css-loader' ]
        }, {
            test: /\.(png|gif|jpg|jpeg|svg|xml|json)$/,
            use: [ 'url-loader' ]
        }]
    },
    plugins: [
        new HtmlWebpackPlugin({
            template: 'src/index.html'
        }),
        // Copy Cesium Assets, Widgets, and Workers to a static directory
        new CopywebpackPlugin({ 
            patterns: [
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, cesiumWorkers), to: 'Workers' },
                { from: path.join(cesiumSource, 'Assets'), to: 'Assets' },

>                 { from: path.join(cesiumSource, 'Widgets'), to: 'Widgets' }

Reviewer 5: ```
const CESIUM_HOME_DIR = path.resolve(__dirname, 'node_modules/cesium')
const CESIUM_SOURCE_DIR = path.resolve(CESIUM_HOME_DIR, 'Source')
const CESIUM_BUILD_DIR = path.resolve(CESIUM_HOME_DIR, 'Build')

let cesiumWorkersDir = path.resolve(CESIUM_BUILD_DIR, 'Cesium/Workers')
let cesiumThirdPartyDir = path.resolve(CESIUM_BUILD_DIR, 'Cesium/ThirdParty')
let cesiumAssetsDir = path.resolve(CESIUM_BUILD_DIR, 'Cesium/Assets')
let cesiumWidgetsDir = path.resolve(CESIUM_BUILD_DIR, 'Cesium/Widgets')

// ...
                { from: cesiumWorkersDir, to: 'Workers' },
                { from: cesiumThirdPartyDir, to: 'ThirdParty' }, 
                { from: cesiumAssetsDir, to: 'Assets' },
                { from: cesiumWidgetsDir, to: 'Widgets' }
```

I like this `TUTORIAL.md`.
And, maybe we should add a URL link for the readers to view the newest TUTORIAL.md on Github?
